[music]
two,
three, whatever.
Before we ask them to put out any
resistance, let them just we're just
waking up that [music] same system a
little bit or something like that. And
then I don't want it to turn into a big
thing. I I screamed the other night.
Ouch. you know, because somebody was
like forcing on me too too much and I
it's just kind of my way of saying
that's not actually what we're [music]
practicing right now. So, a little bit
of resistance and not a lot of force,
but a lot of listening,
little bit after you've warmed up a
couple little bit of resistance, not a
whole lot and a lot of
listening. Okay. Off the sio, please
practice. I don't want it to get lost in
[music] the listening. I want a whole
system listening to a whole system.
Please.
And when you feel that and you feel that
um little fear
uh that probably seems like a challenge
or all of a sudden your voice starts to
get louder in a conversation.
That's the freaks me out. That's the
time to listen.
All right. And if it's done properly and
I should have felt this some as well. If
it's done properly, it hurts. But if
it's done properly,
it's like that's what they wanted.
It doesn't take strength. Takes
listening
and
slow it down or aspiring. So just a
little slower, strong but slow
on the
And
of course,
once you kind of hear strong once you
kind of hear where the weakness is, Mr.
Hyde comes back in and you can kind of
take advantage of the listing a little
bit and then beat them in the argument.
Yeah. And then they go home and they
think, "How do I go and see you again?
Boy, will I get my turn?" But somehow
when you're really listening, they don't
they don't have that feeling. and it'll
come away with that future. No one is
diminished. No one loses space. There's
just a chance to say,
"Yeah, that's okay."
Okay.
[music]